In a different time and place to now there existed a world with a salt flat as far as the eye could see. This world had similar people to Earth — I was there, I should know. They had similar desires: for things like clothes, and friends, and ideas, and status. Everything worthwhile happened at the salt flats, and it all involved trains.

The people of this world were obsessed with trains, but the funny thing is that nobody really knew why. As in, nobody really even knew they were obsessed with trains to begin with — they just were. You might already be perplexed as to why an entire population would be obsessed with trains. Such perplexity is expected because you are assuming that these people were obsessed with trains in the same way that earthly peoples would be obsessed with trains. This train obsession was different, it was just normal and part of life.

It all started out for me on the eastern ridge of one of the salt flats. I'd come from a small town many thousands of miles away, with no salt flats and few trains. I grew up studying people and trains and why they were obsessed with them, and I was fascinated by it. All I wanted to do was build a train for my own.

"You're not going to get anywhere building your own train" my teachers would say to me. "Just go to one of the many villages on the salt flats that foster for bright minds like yours on ready-made trains". Obviously I didn't care for that idea. I really was going to build my own train. Luckily, on the edges of the salt flats, I found myself a best friend who also wanted to build a train himself.
